Context Therapeutics Logo
Context Therapeutics
5,749
Context Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to creating new medicines to treat hormone-responsive cancers. Context's lead program is Apristor (Onapristone XR), an investigational Phase 2 drug that is being developed for progesterone receptor positive (PR+) metastatic breast and ovarian cancers. In addition, Context is advancing CTX-030916, a potential best-in-class oral antiprogestin for the treatment of uterine fibroids and endometriosis, and a discovery-stage program targeting Sigma1.

Organon Logo
Organon
5,808
Organon develops and provides medicines and health solutions focused on women's health, biosimilars, and established brands. The company offers treatments for contraception, fertility, menopause, and conditions such as endometriosis, along with therapies addressing cardiovascular and respiratory diseases through its established portfolio.

Xella Health Logo
Xella Health
7,024
—

EndoGene.Bio Logo
EndoGene.Bio
9,650
Endogene.bio was founded to solve the lack of molecular data that keeps endometriosis a clinical black box. By analyzing key cells in menstrual blood, the company delivers tissue-level insights with the convenience of a liquid biopsy.

Visana Health Logo
Visana Health
10,688
Visana Health offers a digital health program focused on improving the quality of life for women who suffer from severe menstrual pain.

Gesynta Pharma Logo
Gesynta Pharma
13,803
Gesynta Pharma is a clinical stage pharmaceutical company, developing a portfolio of compounds which inhibit the pro-inflammatory enzyme mPGES-1. Gesynta Pharma's most advanced drug candidate is vipoglanstat (GS-248), in clinical Phase 2 development as a non-hormonal treatment for endometriosis.

Calla Lily Clinical Care Logo
Calla Lily Clinical Care
19,801
Calla Lily Clinical Care is a women's health focused B-Corp that has developed the proprietary Callavid platform for intravaginal drug delivery.

Opal Therapeutics Logo
Opal Therapeutics
24,549
Opal Therapeutics is building a uterine organoid-based discovery platform to address critical gaps in reproductive health R&D. Conditions like endometriosis and fibroids affect over 100 million women worldwide.

DotLab Logo
DotLab
25,451
DotLab provides biomarkers and the power of machine learning to deliver the first non-invasive tool to diagnose endometriosis.

FimmCyte Logo
FimmCyte
42,844
FimmCyte develops a novel disease modifying treatments for fibro-inflammatory diseases, starting with Endometriosis.

ELANZA Wellness Logo
ELANZA Wellness
43,349
ELANZA Wellness is a virtual chronic care platform built for people with endometriosis.

Endometriosis Logo
Endometriosis
44,490
Endometrics is a creator of a genetic biomarker for the early identification of endometriosis.

Scanvio Logo
Scanvio
44,597
Scanvio offers AI-augmented ultrasound software for faster endometriosis diagnosis.

Afynia Laboratories Logo
Afynia Laboratories
46,246
Aima Laboratories is a women's health healthcare company working on the first non-invasive endometriosis diagnostic tool for the market.

FemmePharma Global Healthcare Logo
FemmePharma Global Healthcare
69,786
FemmePharma Global Healthcare, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, engages in developing drugs for diseases and disorders affecting women internationally including endometriosis.

Nura Health Logo
Nura Health
70,929
Nura Health is a molecular diagnostics firm that is improving women's health by creating and distributing innovative non-invasive tests.

Syrona Health Logo
Syrona Health
74,369
Syrona Health is a digital health solution for personalised gynaecology across life-stages starting from Menstrual health to Menopause. We cover Endometriosis, PCOS, Fertility, Parenthood and Menopause.

Maipl Therapeutics, Inc. Logo
Maipl Therapeutics, Inc.
93,456
Maipl Therapeutics is developing radically different, first-in-class medicines to treat endometriosis and other diseases.

EndoCure Logo
EndoCure
93,795
EndoCure is a endometriosis diagnostic, and a novel robotic AI-powered ultrasound is revolutionizing the field.

Kranus Health Logo
Kranus Health
98,573
Kranus Health is building the world's first AI-enabled gender medicine platform with a pipeline extending into endometriosis.

Sur180 Therapeutics Logo
Sur180 Therapeutics
99,791
We are a women's owned startup focusing on new therapeutic approaches to gynecological conditions. Our primary focus is endometriosis.

Endo app Logo
Endo app
101,481
Endo App is a CE-certified interactive, smartphone-based medical gadget for multimodal pain management and endometriosis therapy.

Temple Therapeutics Logo
Temple Therapeutics
101,713
Temple Therapeutics creates and develops therapies for orthopedics, oncology, and endometriosis patients.

Leva Clinic Logo
Leva Clinic
102,336
Leva Clinic offers health care services for people with chronic pain including endometriosis.

Endodiag Logo
Endodiag
106,834
Endodiag specializes in the development of products and services that improves the diagnosis of endometriosis.

MEDAI Logo
MEDAI
107,448
MEDAI is a technology company with OVARIANA, a digital health platform focused on endometriosis awareness and gynecological symptom tracking.

Belle Health Logo
Belle Health
118,352
Belle Health AI Technologies is a pioneering femtech startup addressing endometriosis and hormonal health needs with the Belle Ring.

Neurocrine Biosciences Logo
Neurocrine Biosciences
127,038
Neurocrine Biosciences engages in the discovery and development of drugs for the treatment of endocrine-related diseases including endometriosis.

Memmzy Health Logo
Memmzy Health
129,387
Memmzy Health is a Fem-HealthTech company with AI-driven predictions for conditions like endometriosis.

The Endometriosis Network Canada Logo
The Endometriosis Network Canada
162,090
The Endometriosis Network Canada is a healthcare organization focused on supporting individuals affected by endometriosis.

Evestra Onkologia Logo
Evestra Onkologia
164,539
Evestra Onkologia engages in Research and Development pertaining to oncology and endometriosis assets.

Pyrefin Logo
Pyrefin
166,568
Pyrefin is a development-stage pharmaceutical company focused on producing EP2 receptor antagonists with efficacy in endometriosis.

Cicero Diagnostics Logo
Cicero Diagnostics
169,519
Cicero Diagnostics is dedicated to clinical assays for understudied women's diseases including endometriosis under ReceptivaDx.

NALU Logo
NALU
186,759
NALU offers personalized digital therapies for menstrual disorders including endometriosis.

Meliodays Medical Logo
Meliodays Medical
195,928
Meliodays Medical develops targeted, non-hormonal drug delivery systems for chronic menstrual pain including endometriosis.

EndoCyclic Therapeutics Logo
EndoCyclic Therapeutics
208,201
—

Matricis.ai Logo
Matricis.ai
254,979
—

Diamens Logo
Diamens
317,051
Diamens is a company focused on femtech that develops a non-invasive menstrual blood-based molecular diagnostic to detect women-specific diseases like endometriosis.

Valeo Medical Logo
Valeo Medical
321,584
Valeo Medical, Inc., a life sciences company, develops a non-invasive diagnostic blood test for endometriosis.

Viramal Logo
Viramal
328,420
Viramal is an emerging specialty pharmaceutical company with a women's health clinical development pipeline including treatments for endometriosis.

July Health Logo
July Health
356,321
July Health is a digital health platform delivering proactive end-to-end care including endometriosis management across Canada.

Endometriosis Association Logo
Endometriosis Association
359,605
Endometriosis Association helps change environmental factors linked to endometriosis and provides education and support.

Meditrina Pharmaceuticals Logo
Meditrina Pharmaceuticals
1,306,906
Meditrina Pharmaceuticals, Inc. identifies and repurposes already marketed therapies for gynecologic conditions such as endometriosis and uterine fibroids.

EndoCare Therapeutics Logo
EndoCare Therapeutics
1,324,511
—

The Women's Specialists of Fayette Logo
The Women's Specialists of Fayette
1,332,454
The Women's Specialists of Fayette provides womens health care services including treatment for endometriosis.

RDO Diagnósticos Médicos Logo
RDO Diagnósticos Médicos
1,336,618
RDO Diagnósticos Médicos is a diagnostic center offering Transvaginal Ultrasonography recommended for endometriosis investigation.

The Howard Center Logo
The Howard Center
1,339,595
The Howard Center is an OB/GYN center offering endometriosis and polycystic ovary syndrome treatment services.

Endometriosis Foundation of America Logo
Endometriosis Foundation of America
1,618,480
—
